add credential theft (#79)
ietf-wg-wimse/draft-ietf-wimse-arch: draft-ietf-wimse-arch.md

## Information Disclosure

> Observation and interception of network traffic is not the only means of disclosure in these systems. Other vectors of information leakage is through disclosure in log files and other observability and troubleshooting mechanisms. For example, an application may log the contents of HTTP headers containing JWT bearer tokens, user names, emails and other sensitive information. The information in these logs may be made available to other systems with less stringent access controls, which may result in this information falling into an attackers hands. This creates privacy risks and potential surface for reconnaissance attacks. ≈

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Observation and interception of network traffic is not the only means of disclosure in these systems. Other vectors of information leakage is through disclosure in log files and other observability and troubleshooting mechanisms. For example, an application may log the contents of HTTP headers containing JWT bearer tokens, user names, email addresses and other sensitive information. The information in these logs may be made available to other systems with less stringent access controls, which may result in this information falling into an attackers hands. This creates privacy risks and potential surface for reconnaissance attacks.
```

## Credential Theft

> When the information disclosed to an attacker is a credential, the attacker may be able to use that credential to escalate their privilege, attack another system to gain lateral movement within an organization or to impersonate a workload.  Bearer credentials are particularly vulnerable to disclosure since they are communicated between systems and may be revealed in communication channels or application logs. Credentials bound to a cryptographic key are typically less vulnerable because the key is not disclosed in the authentication process. However, care must still be taken to prevent disclosure during key management operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the information disclosed to an attacker is a credential, the attacker may be able to use that credential to escalate their privilege, attack another system via lateral movement within the organization or to impersonate a workload.  Bearer credentials are particularly vulnerable to disclosure since they are communicated between systems and may be revealed in communication channels or application logs. Credentials bound to a cryptographic key are typically less vulnerable because the key is not disclosed in the authentication process. However, care must still be taken to prevent disclosure during key management operations.
```
